The Joe Rogan experience.
Well, that's the other thing that's going on with people is the fear, man,
when you, you have a hard time dealing yang, you have anxiety,
you have apprehension,
you just fearful of the future and fearful of the disease.
Some people that anxiety before this, this can accelerate everything.
That's going to be real hard for, just for mental health of people.
It's going to be people that are going to have a really hard time. Um,
also accepting that this is just something that happened to them.
This is not something that they did wrong. You know,
when something goes bad and you did something wrong, it kind of like, ah,
I made a bad decision. I should have done it that way.
I up and we should have had that meeting. And then, you know,
you might know why your business fell apart, but if it falls apart now,
it's like, you didn't even do anything wrong.
And the government gets to tell you, they have to sit back. Now,
if you are a conspiracy theorist and so many of them are,
you would think what would be the best way to gain more control of the people
the best way. First of all,
to accelerate despair and accelerate, uh,
unemployment,
you would do all the things that are just going to happen from the,
what naturally happens in a disease.
People are willing to give up certain civil liberties. If they,
if they think they can get more safety and it's true,
we should stay home. It's true. It will be better for everybody.
It's true that we need to take precautions.
It's true that we need to self isolate. All those things are true,
but it's also true that you're giving a certain amount of power to the
government to lock things down and control you.
They're giving people tickets in New York. If they catch them walking around,
they give them $500 tickets and they're doing it in other places too. I'm sure.
And that's where it gets weird, man, because who are these people?
These people that are telling you can't go anywhere.
They're just the government. They're just people.
They're people telling people that they can't go somewhere, which is fine.
If we need to do that like right now.
But what if it just sort of stays that way?
What if it stays that way to a lesser extent? What if they say, you know,
how are we going to stop coronavirus from really taking place?
I want to know where you're going. I want to know where you're going.
I want to know. I want, when you go through each state,
we're going to have checkpoints. We're going to pull you over.
It's going to be a heightened police state, sir.
Have you been tested for the coronavirus and you put a thing on your forehead?
What if,
what if this thing really does start coming back the way it has in Woolwine,
where people tested negative and then they later tested positive.
If that happens here, we're going to keep this lockdown thing going on.
What if it's something that we all have?
And it comes back like when John Jones had those steroids in the system and the
Pika grams, and it just kept flashing back. But what did,
that's what this stuff,
what if we test positive for coronavirus every couple of years?
What if it's like herpes? What if you keep it for life?
What if we're assuming we got rid of it? We're going to just accept martial law.
We're just going to accept tanks in the streets. What are we going to accept?
It's a real good question. So if you were a nut right now,
you would be going crazy because you'd be saying all the pieces are in place
for like a hostile takeover and they're in place because they
really truly are the best ways to save people's lives. Like it's all,
it's all a smart thing to do. But if you were a conspiracy theorist, you'd say,
this is exactly what I would do if I wanted to take over.
And that's what we have to be really careful of.
We gotta be careful of somehow another walking that very fine balance of
protecting people from a disease,
this invisible killer and preserving our freedom and preserving
rights. All those things are very important that we don't just give that up
because it's not the way to go. It's just not.
We have to figure out our way through this disease.
And then we have to figure out some way to return to normalcy and that's
got to happen. We can't just stay like this where no one works anymore.
We can't just not ever take risks. We can't just not go out.
So once this does get rolling again,
it's going to be real interesting to see how much,
if any control the government retains, how much,
if any restrictions get, get imposed,
how much of these restrictions we just absorb? And they become newer, uh,
new things. I got normal thing rather. Where'd you just go to the airport,
you have to take a temperature test and you go to the airport and they want to
test you.
I have to start wearing suits, like kind of like star wars,
like these kinds of states of helmets and breathing apparatus in everyone that
works at the grocery store. It's going to be robots, you know?
And I imagine that you get to the hotel and you get sheesh
Decompress and unzip, and you can enjoy New York city from your balcony.
Look so pretty out there with all the murderous viruses, swarming around,
killing people with the virus, got together, made virus.
Tornadoes started just throwing people against walls or.
Virus babies. If I'm not born.
Listen, man, if a,
if a wind can pick up a semi and make it fly through the air,
like we've seen why can't a virus tornado to slam you
into a wall. Imagine if like viruses accelerate billions of times. And they,
they form colonies and they become intelligent.
And they realize if they move quick enough, they can actually like,
they could knock you off your feet. And then they go down your throat,
like a demon.
Know that's.
Not happening already. It's crazy for sure. But so is a regular virus.
So it was a regular virus that we need to just what we're reading about.
The H one N one and all these other fluids that kill so many countless thousands
of people, not countless. They counted them. They're actually pretty accurate.
Right? We had a double check. I mean,
just think about the sheer numbers of people that have died from those things.
If those were demons, instead of diseases, how freaky would that be?
If we're like, look,
we're going to lose a certain amount of people every year to demons.
I don't know why we do. Why is it better to lose to a virus than a demon?
Little cutscenes.
A little gods,
a little Godzilla is just running up into your window and killing your grandma,
PB, God, God. You go in there and she's just bone.
It's just white bone sticking up. There's a hoard of little guns in,
let's just chewing through her meat.
Why would that be more horrific than a virus?
The silent thing that chokes you to death? I need to know.
I've been thinking that like, it's hilarious.
There's been that talk when we've talked about UFO's that all M all the world
needs to get to come together as like that alien invasion.
This is not too different than what that would be. It is an alien Texas.
Yeah, it is. It's foreign to us. Action Bronson had it right the whole time.
Just get high and watch it in ancient aliens and try to get so
high. You just try to sort through what they're saying. He figured it out.
It's interesting to think what if this did come from Spain?
Yeah. They're sick of us. Yeah. Imagine, yeah.
Just try to some something that's the real fear is that they're eventually going
to have something that you can't fix. Not anymore. Now.
No one's going anywhere. If you want it to take over the world,
isn't that the way you would do it. I'm not saying that that's what's happening.
What if, and I'm saying,
if you were writing a book on a takeover of the world by another
nation, what better way to do it than that? What if North Korea.
Was behind all this?
Well, I don't think they have the resources. China, since it's in China,
it's much more likely we'll get started from China,
whether it was intentional and unintentional that's beside the point.
I don't think it was intentional, but I think that when things like this happen,
people do take advantage of opportunity and you gotta be real careful
who gets the better hand when they're taken advantage of opportunity.
It's just, it's an, uh, it's new ground. It's weird for people.
They know where it came from. They, they,
they have isolated that this thing did come from this market and [inaudible]
, they know it's just, it's the way things like this can play out. If there's a bunch of these is almost just like someone starting a conspiracy. It's not, it doesn't have to be done. Like it just actually naturally exists. And the same people that would benefit from a conspiracy or who would engage
in a conspiracy to defraud people or people over in the first place.
They're the ones who are going to jump in and take advantage of it.
The quickest that's, what's so scary about it.
Totalitarian ideas thrive. When people are scared,
they want someone to take over the reins. They want someone to take over.
I'm going to block the streets, no more travel. We're going to block this.
You can't go to work. Can I block?
Then you're going to be poor and broke and scared. I'm not saying that.
That's what they're doing.
What I am saying is if you wanted to do something to really take
over a civilization, it would be this way.
That's how you would do it. You would do a diseases.
I'm not saying they're doing that. I don't think they are.
I think this is just a horrible, natural disaster.
I wanna be really clear on that,
but we might come out of this different than we went in.
That's real there's tanks driving down the road in
California tanks. And they're like, oh,
they're just getting supplies or something like what?
You there's tanks rolling through New York city. My friend, John Joseph. Wow.
He sent me a video from his phone of tanks. Rolling down New York city,
like armed Humvees and tanks. That's ridiculous. Yeah.
Freaky like military vehicles. And cammo like, where are you hiding?
You're in New York city. What are you hiding from? What kind of cammo is that?
Is it where they, even when they use them in cities, they came all up. Yeah,
it seems so rude. It is so like, to let you know, they might hide in the Bush.
It's too. But they drive through the cities to lock everybody down.
They had those murdered out matte black and shops. Instead.
It would be a little bit more intimidating.
Maybe pieces of pizza slices and stuff. Well, it's at least with cammo.
If you have your car is all cam mode up and you're not in the military,
you know, they're going to have an eye on you anyway. Like what are you doing?
Right.
Unless you're in like West Virginia to have like cam mode up H ones Hummers and
they're driving those real military style hammered around,
like please check dot guy's house. You know, please,
please read his Facebook police. You just got to give up a microchip.
They just put a microchip in your hand and you're fine. And it's also,
it doubles as a Corona tester.
So you make sure that you never get mistaken for someone with Corona.
They just have to scan you. Hey, are you going into this bathroom?
Can I have your hand please pop green,
go ahead and urinate with peace and harmony, go ahead.
Or putting those UV lights might be freaking out. I mean,
really I'm trying not to sound like a conspiracy nut because I'm not accusing
anyone of creating a conspiracy. But what I am saying is if,
if I was a conspiracy nut,
or if I was a country that was conspiring to take over the world,
this is not a bad way to do it. I don't think that's happening right now.
I want to be real clear,
but it's kind of the same result that we're experiencing right now,
where everyone's being forced to shut down with, who knows what consequences,
but it's also the right thing to do. So we're all like, whoa, how do you,
you know,
it's another one of those things about being a person where the right thing to
do still feels crazy. Still. It feels like, all right,
we're just going to sit around. Well, yeah, I guess that's what you have to do.
I know it's kind of in one way,
encouraging there's so many are willing to stay home and people aren't
rebelling. They're like, you. This is my country. I'm going to go to work.
I'll take a chance. Everybody's going to get it anyway. you.
There's way less people doing that.
And when you consider that the government is controlling 320 million people,
pretty crazy. Almost everyone's complying with staying home.
There's only a few essential businesses.
Yeah. We're going to have to,
I think really have spacesuits to leave the house and work.
And they're going to have probably be like this,
this metal plastic thing that would wash off, really.
Dudes are going to put socks in their space suits. It's going to be a mess.
Are you worried, Jamie? Yeah. I've never seen you this word. Okay.
Because I've, uh, everything. You're sort of saying, like, I,
I look into the future and sort of see where we're headed and I don't see a,
I don't really see much out there cause I don't know where it is,
but that's not anything good because there's nothing there.
I don't see like going into the movies again.
It seems like that's probably close to out.
Movies were already dying anyway. They might not survive this.
They've already opened up the ability to like put those right into your house
for 20 bucks. Perfect way better suite. So winter movie theaters can open again.
All right. What's next concerts. Sporting events.
I don't know. That's just, those are all the fun things we used to do. So like.
It's also once everything's in place where they can treat
people effectively and they have the adequate number of ventilators,
then are we going to go back to the way things were?
Or are we going to have new standards in place? I don't know.
I don't know, man, that they look, they did an unprecedented thing.
They locked down the entire country to save people's lives.
Never happened before we're in new territory and you know,
it's dangerous when a moron like me is making sense when I'm,
when I'm one of the people was talking about something like this.
I try to find it. Like I just read yesterday. I don't know if someone shared,
this was a F F Scott Fitzgerald wrote.
I think this was a letter found from 1920 when he was living in France during
the Spanish flu. And like he was talking, I don't know who is writing to,
I'll try to find it right now,
but he's talking about how they stocked up on a bunch of alcohol and people were
being told almost like now, like you're, you're not,
you're told not to go anywhere, but some people don't believe it.
I forget he was talking about another writer,
friend of his who wasn't taking it seriously and like, whoa.
So it was like real.
Sound. It sound, it sounded very similar.
Yeah. I guess that's how people always have been. Right.
Especially back then when it's real hard to get information,
imagine people are dying and everyone's just like, what's going on?
You've got to read the newspaper, like. What happened? It's fake.
I just saw that this note was going viral during the pandemic.
And a lot of people have been falling for it.
Son of a. I was wondering, well, what a good way to end?
Everything's fine. Everything's fair.